Add information on how to apply to Unikraft at GSoC22 (#2)
unikraft/gsoc: README.md

# Unikraft at Google Summer of Code 2022 (GSoC'22)

Make your way into open source developement with operating systems, cloud, virtualization and low-level topics.
Apply to [GSoC22](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) with [Unikraft](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2022/organizations/unikraft).

> [Google Summer of Code 2022](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) (GSoC'22), a global online program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Google Summer of Code 2022](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) (GSoC'22) is a global online program focused on bringing new contributors into open source software development.
```

GSoC Contributors work with an open source organization, such as Unikraft, on a 12+ week programming project under the guidance of mentors.

[Unikraft](https://unikraft.org/) Unikraft is a fast, secure and open-source Unikernel Development Kit.
By tailoring the operating system, libraries and configuration to the particular needs of your application, it vastly reduces virtual machine and container image sizes to a few KBs, provides blazing performance, and drastically cuts down your software stack’s attack surface.

## How to Apply[^1]

* Connect to the community
* Get accustomed to the Unikraft development ecosystem
* Make a small contribution
* Decide on a GSoC project
* Fill out an application

### Connect to the community

First join our [Discord server](https://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord).
This is where all (text) discussion and (live video) meetings take place.
You will find multiple channels, each for a particular topic of the Unikraft ecosystem.

As a newcomer, start by presenting yourself (name, university / occupation, interest in Unikraft, current experience).

> It's best if you used a `Firstname Lastname` ID to make it easy for others to get in touch with you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's best if you use a `Firstname Lastname` Nickname to make it easy for others to get in touch with you.
```

Ask any questions, worry not about anything, we're happy to assist you in feeling at home in the Unikraft community.
In particular, use the `gsoc22` and the `support` channels.

### Get accustomed to the Unikraft development ecosystem

Unikraft development happens on the [Unikaft GitHub organization](https://github.com/unikraft/).

> For starts, check the first 2 sessions in [Unikraft Summer of Code](https://usoc21.unikraft.org/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For starters, check the first 2 sessions in [Unikraft Summer of Code](https://usoc21.unikraft.org/docs/).
```

These give you a very nice set of initial hands-on tasks to get you started with grabbing, configuring, building and running Unikraft.
Optionally, look into sessions 3, 4 and 5 as well.

### Make a small contribution

The best way to prepare your application is to make small contributions.

First off, browse the [Unikraft Contribution Guidelines](https://unikraft.org/docs/contributing/).

> This give you an overview of how we expect you to write your code, create commits and make contributions and GitHub pull requests (PRs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will give you an overview of how we expect you to write your code, create commits and make contributions and GitHub pull requests (PRs).
```

> Then aim for small, easy to to contributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then aim for small, easy to do contributions.
```

Look for items such as:
* Removing build warnings for any of the repositories in the [Unikraft GitHub organization](https://github.com/unikraft/).
* Fixing inconsistencies or adding missing information in the [documentation](https://github.com/unikraft/docs) (rendered on the [main Unikraft website](https://unikraft.org/)).
* Adding [tests](https://unikraft.org/docs/develop/writing-tests/) to Unikraft components.

### Decide on a GSoC project

> We put together a [list of project ideas](https://github.com/cs-pub-ro/gsoc22/blob/staging/content/en/ideas.md) that you can choose from.

Reviewer 2: why not `https://github.com/unikraft/gsoc22/blob/staging/content/en/ideas.md`?

Note that this is not an exclusive list.

> You can suggest to new project ideas to the Unikraft GSoC mentors on the `gsoc22` channel on [Discord](https://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can suggest new project ideas to the Unikraft GSoC mentors on the `gsoc22` channel on [Discord](https://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord).
```

If your idea has been vetted by a mentor (or more) in the community, then you can submit it as part of your application.

> If a given project idea tickles your fancy, ask about that on the `gsoc22` channel on [Discord](https://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you fancy a given project idea, ask about that on the `gsoc22` channel on [Discord](https://bit.ly/UnikraftDiscord).
```

I'm not sure about this expression 🤣. It might not be "appropriate" for the website. I'm fine with it either way.

A mentor will reply and give you extra information.
If that is indeed a project you want to work on, then you can submit it as part of your application.

### Fill out an application

> Once the application period has opened (on April 4, 2022), you have to submit your application on the Google Summer of Code website.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it would be good to include the deadline for applications, also

Your application must be written in English.
It should contain a detailed description of your project proposal.

> Copy our [Google Document template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TjoRgWMTjB114QlRVc7N5rZ6rswUzEN-JS-G_gB0Bso/edit?usp=sharing) and make sure you answer all of the questions.

Reviewer 2: I would give them liberty to write the application however they want, but recommend to use the template. So, instead of "copy this", I would say "we recommend you to use this"

> ### Still have some doubts/question?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Still have some doubts/questions?
```
